Fluxus Info :
For Android:
Open the Google Play Store app on your Android device.
In the search bar, type “Fluxus Executor” and press enter.
Locate the Fluxus Executor app in the search results and tap on it to open the app’s page.
Tap on the “Install” button to download and install Fluxus Executor on your Android device.
Once the installation is complete, you can find the Fluxus Executor app icon on your home screen or in the app drawer.
Tap on the Fluxus Executor app icon to launch the app, and you’re ready to start scripting in Roblox games on your Android device!
For Windows:
Visit the official Fluxus Executor website on your web browser.
Navigate to the “Downloads” section of the website.
Look for the download link labeled “Fluxus Executor for Windows” and click on it to begin the download process.
Once the download is complete, locate the downloaded file (usually in your Downloads folder) and double-click on it to initiate the installation process.
Follow the on-screen instructions provided by the installation wizard to install Fluxus Executor on your Windows PC.
After the installation is complete, launch Fluxus Executor from your desktop or Start menu, and you’re ready to start scripting in Roblox games!
For Linux:
Open your web browser and navigate to the official Fluxus Executor website.
Locate the “Downloads” section on the website and find the download link labeled “Fluxus Executor for Linux.”
Click on the download link to begin downloading the Fluxus Executor package for Linux.
Once the download is complete, open your terminal emulator. You can usually find the terminal in your applications menu or by searching for “Terminal.”
Navigate to the directory where the Fluxus Executor package was downloaded. You can use the “cd” command followed by the directory path to change directories in the terminal.
Once you’re in the correct directory, use the appropriate package manager for your Linux distribution to install Fluxus Executor. For example, if you’re using Ubuntu or Debian-based distributions, you can use the “dpkg” command. If you’re using Fedora or CentOS, you can use the “rpm” command.
For Debian-based distributions:

sudo dpkg -i fluxus-executor-linux.deb
For Fedora or CentOS:

sudo rpm -i fluxus-executor-linux.rpm
Follow the on-screen prompts to complete the installation process. The package manager will handle dependencies and configure Fluxus Executor for use on your Linux system.
Once the installation is complete, you can launch Fluxus Executor from the applications menu or by searching for it in your system’s application launcher.
Congratulations! You’ve successfully installed Fluxus Executor on your Linux system. You’re now ready to start scripting in Roblox games using Fluxus Executor on Linux. Happy scripting!
For Mac:
Visit the official Fluxus Executor website on your web browser.
Go to the “Downloads” section of the website.
Look for the download link labeled “Fluxus Executor for Mac” and click on it to begin the download process.
Once the download is complete, locate the downloaded file (usually in your Downloads folder) and double-click on it to mount the disk image.
Open the mounted disk image and drag the Fluxus Executor application icon into your Applications folder to install it.
After the installation is complete, you can launch Fluxus Executor from your Applications folder, and you’re all set to start scripting in Roblox games on your Mac!
That’s it! You’ve successfully downloaded and installed Fluxus Executor on your Windows PC, Android device, or Mac computer. Happy scripting!


Delta Info :

Unlike Hydrogen, Arceus X, and other Roblox exploits, Delta Executor can be downloaded or used to run Roblox scripts on PC, Mac, and Mobile.

Irrespective of whether you want to exploit Roblox games on Windows, Mac, or Mobile, Delta Executor or Delta X 2.0 must be your first choice.

Most people who exploit Roblox games like Blox Fruits, Pet Simulator X, Doors, and others use Android phones.

If you too own an Android phone but don’t know how to download and install Delta Executor on your phone to execute Roblox scripts then don’t worry, we have got you covered.

Also Read > How to Fix Delta Executor Roblox Upgrade Error

In this post, we will teach you how to download Delta X 2.0 on Mobile and how to use it to run Roblox scripts.

Without any further ado, let’s get started:

Steps To Download & Use Delta X 2.0
The process of downloading Delta Mobile is very simple. Those who don’t know the procedure must follow the steps written below:

First, visit Delta Executor’s official site, delta-executor.com.
After visiting the site, scroll down and click on the ‘Download‘ button.
You will be taken to the download page when you do so.
When you click on the Download button, a pop up will appear asking you to click on the ‘Free Download’ button.

When you click on it, an ad will appear which you need to watch for three seconds.
Once done, close the ad.
When you do so, the APK file of Delta Executor will start downloading.
Once downloaded, go to the Download page and tap on it to begin the installation process.
Once Delta Mobile is installed, launch it on your phone.
When you launch it, you will be asked to obtain a Delta Mobile key.
After obtaining the key, paste it into the Key Window.
Once done, click on the Continue button.
When you click on it, the UI of Delta Mobile will appear on the screen.
Now, click on the Controller icon and then paste the script.
After that, click on the Execute button located at the bottom of the screen.
That’s it.

